Thousands of demonstrators have marched through London to protest the war in Iraq and demand the withdrawal of British troops from that country . Families of soldiers killed in the conflict joined the protesters who carried banners with such slogans as " Bush Number One Terrorist " and " Stop the Bombings . " They marched from the Houses of Parliament to a rally in Hyde Park . Police put the number of marchers at 10000 while organizers claimed it was 1,00,000 . The protest comes on the eve of the annual conference of Britain 's ruling Labor Party in the southern English seaside resort of Brighton . The party is divided over Britain 's participation in the Iraq conflict and the continued deployment of 8500 British troops in that country . The London march came ahead of anti-war protests today in other cities , including Rome , Paris , and Madrid . The International Atomic Energy Agency is to hold second day of talks in Vienna Wednesday on how to respond to Iran 's resumption of low-level uranium conversion . Iran this week restarted parts of the conversion process at its Isfahan nuclear plant . Iranian officials say they expect to get access to sealed sensitive parts of the plant Wednesday , after an IAEA surveillance system begins functioning . The step will allow the facility to operate at full capacity . The European Union , with U.S. backing , has threatened to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council , which could impose sanctions if it finds Tehran has violated the Nuclear Non-Proliferation treaty . Iran 's new President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday that European incentives aimed at persuading Iran to end its nuclear fuel program are an insult to the Iranian nation . Two Germans and four Nigerian oil workers were kidnapped by armed militants during a raid on a boat in Nigeria 's southern oil-rich Delta region . An official with the German firm Bilfinger Berger , Thomas Horbach , said the gunmen stopped the supply boat Wednesday as it sailed from Delta State to Bayelsa State to inspect an offshore oil field owned by Royal-Dutch Shell . The German firm works as a sub-contractor for Shell . Militant groups frequently attack oil operations in the Niger Delta to demand social services and better job opportunities from multinational companies . Poor residents often complain they have been cheated out of the huge riches extracted from their tribal lands - where the bulk of Nigeria 's 2.3 million barrels of petroleum are pumped daily . Suspected Islamist rebels have fired mortar shells at the palace used by Somalia 's interim President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmad . It was not immediately clear if the president was in the palace in Mogadishu when the attack occurred or if anyone was hurt . Local news reports said at least five mortar shells hit the palace compound and other mortars were fired elsewhere in Mogadishu Wednesday . The attacks occurred after the government said it will go ahead with a reconciliation conference to which more than 1300 Somali elders , warlords and politicians are invited . Iraqi military officials say tanks and troops have arrived in the northern city Mosul for a new offensive against al Qaida in Iraq fighters . Officials will not say how many troops have arrived in the Sunni Arab and Kurdish city , where bombings last week killed at least 34 people and wounded more than 200 . U.S. commanders have not explained how American forces will participate in the offensive . Officials say al Qaida in Iraq fighters have fled successful campaigns against them in Anbar province and Baghdad to other northern provinces . Mosul is the largest city north of Baghdad and has long been a stronghold of Sunni militant fighters . In other violence , U.S. officials said one American soldier was killed while on patrol in Baghdad Sunday . Egyptian police have arrested at least 16 members of the opposition Muslim Brotherhood as parts of the country prepare for parliamentary runoff elections Saturday . The arrests occurred Friday in Alexandria . A spokesman for the Brotherhood said the arrests are an attempt to cut the Brotherhood off from its supporters and punishment for winning parliamentary seats in earlier elections . The Muslim Brotherhood has tripled its strength in parliament in recent elections , raising the party 's total to 47 seats . In Saturday 's elections , voters will cast ballots in nine provinces where no candidate won a majority in the previous round of voting . The Muslim Brotherhood is banned as a political party , but it endorses so-called independent candidates whose allegiance to the party is known to voters . Hardline lawmakers in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province have pushed through a law that aims to ensure " Islamic correctness " in public places and establishes a morality police to enforce decent behavior . A six-party coalition of religious based parties , the Mutahida Majlis-e-Amal , dominates the provincial assembly , so the bill was easily passed Thursday by a vote of 68-34 . The provincial governor must still sign the bill before it becomes law , a step seen only as a formality . The proposed law calls for setting up a " religious police force " to make sure people adhere to Islamic values in public places , and entertainment outlets close during weekly Friday prayers . Violators could be jailed for up to six months . The opposition has denounced the measure , comparing it to the draconian rule of the former Taleban in neighboring Afghanistan . British police say they have arrested a man who dressed as suicide bomber at a demonstration against the publication of cartoons depicting Islam 's Prophet Muhammad . Bedfordshire police said Tuesday that Omar Khayam was arrested in Bedford for breaching the conditions of his parole .
